{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033
{\fonttbl {\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet
{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}
{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}
{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}
{\s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}
{\s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Subtitle;}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 BodyText;}
{\s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext18 DenseText;}
{\s28\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext28 header;}
{\s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext29 footer;}
{\s30\li360\sa60\sb120\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext30 GroupHeader;}
{\s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext41 Code Example 0;}
{\s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext42 Code Example 1;}
{\s42\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext43 Code Example 2;}
{\s43\li1080\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext44 Code Example 3;}
{\s44\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext45 Code Example 4;}
{\s45\li1800\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext46 Code Example 5;}
{\s46\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext47 Code Example 6;}
{\s47\li2520\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext48 Code Example 7;}
{\s48\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 8;}
{\s49\li3240\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 9;}
{\s50\li0\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext51 List Continue 0;}
{\s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext52 List Continue 1;}
{\s52\li720\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext53 List Continue 2;}
{\s53\li1080\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext54 List Continue 3;}
{\s54\li1440\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext55 List Continue 4;}
{\s55\li1800\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext56 List Continue 5;}
{\s56\li2160\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext57 List Continue 6;}
{\s57\li2520\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext58 List Continue 7;}
{\s58\li2880\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 8;}
{\s59\li3240\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 9;}
{\s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext61 DescContinue 0;}
{\s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext62 DescContinue 1;}
{\s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext63 DescContinue 2;}
{\s63\li1080\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext64 DescContinue 3;}
{\s64\li1440\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext65 DescContinue 4;}
{\s65\li1800\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext66 DescContinue 5;}
{\s66\li2160\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext67 DescContinue 6;}
{\s67\li2520\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext68 DescContinue 7;}
{\s68\li2880\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 8;}
{\s69\li3240\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 9;}
{\s70\li0\sa30\sb30\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 LatexTOC 0;}
{\s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 LatexTOC 1;}
{\s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 LatexTOC 2;}
{\s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 LatexTOC 3;}
{\s74\li1440\sa18\sb18\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 LatexTOC 4;}
{\s75\li1800\sa15\sb15\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 LatexTOC 5;}
{\s76\li2160\sa12\sb12\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 LatexTOC 6;}
{\s77\li2520\sa9\sb9\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 LatexTOC 7;}
{\s78\li2880\sa6\sb6\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 8;}
{\s79\li3240\sa3\sb3\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 9;}
{\s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 \sautoupd List Bullet 0;}
{\s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 \sautoupd List Bullet 1;}
{\s82\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls3\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 \sautoupd List Bullet 2;}
{\s83\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1440{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls4\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 \sautoupd List Bullet 3;}
{\s84\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1800{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls5\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 \sautoupd List Bullet 4;}
{\s85\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2160{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls6\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls6\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 \sautoupd List Bullet 5;}
{\s86\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2520{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls7\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 \sautoupd List Bullet 6;}
{\s87\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2880{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls8\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls8\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 \sautoupd List Bullet 7;}
{\s88\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3240{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls9\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls9\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 8;}
{\s89\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3600{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls10\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls10\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 9;}
{\s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext91 \sautoupd List Enum 0;}
{\s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext92 \sautoupd List Enum 1;}
{\s92\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext93 \sautoupd List Enum 2;}
{\s93\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext94 \sautoupd List Enum 3;}
{\s94\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext95 \sautoupd List Enum 4;}
{\s95\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s96\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s97\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext98 \sautoupd List Enum 7;}
{\s98\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 8;}
{\s99\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 9;}
}
{\comment begin body}
{\info 
{\title {\comment Generacion de Mapas  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
0.1 \par
}}Generacion de Mapas}
{\comment Generado porDoxgyen. }
{\creatim \yr2012\mo8\dy7\hr11\min49\sec15}
}\pard\plain 
\sectd\pgnlcrm
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\vertalc\qc\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TITLE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt TITLE}}\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\par
\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst AUTHOR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt AUTHOR}}\par
Version 0.1\par{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst CREATEDATE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt CREATEDATE}}\par
\page\page\vertalt
\pard\plain 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Tabla de contenidos\par
\pard\plain \par
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TOC \\f \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Table of contents}}\par
\pard\plain 
\sect \sbkpage \pgndec \pgnrestart
\sect \sectd \sbknone
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Generacion de Mapas para Pioneer P3-DX\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Generacion de Mapas para Pioneer P3-DX}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\qc {\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}Mapas de entornos mediante navegacion difusa y sistema de teleoperacion de una plataforma Pioneer P3-DX\par}
} \par
{\qc }   \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Autores:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Danny Vasconez \par
Daniel granda\par
}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAB}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Ejemplo de uso
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Ejemplo de uso}
Esta aplicacion fue disenada para realizar la generacion de mapas de entorno para la plataforma Pioneer P3-DX pero por utilizar ArNetPacket puede ser utilizada sin ningun problema por otras plataformas moviles que utilizen ARCOS; la aplicacion cuenta con dos programas el {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo}}} y inicio; mas una libreria cliente.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Programas\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.py}}}\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.py}}}\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Libreria\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.py}}}\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado.py}}}\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Dependdencias de Servidor\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab AriaPy\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab NetWorkingPy\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab sys\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Dependencias de {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}}\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab AriaPy\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab NetWorkingPy\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab sys\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Dependencias de inicio\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}}\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab pygtk\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab gtk\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
4.\tab os\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
5.\tab sys\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Dependencias de renderizado\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab opencv\par}
Tener en cuenta al trabajar los siguientes archivos{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
glade\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Es el archivo xml de la interfaz grafica de la aplicacion\par}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
 \par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAI}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Problemas frecuentes
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Problemas frecuentes}
Al utilizar un clable USB-Serial no encuentra a la plataforma movil, se debe ingresar los siguientes comandos en consola {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid rm /dev/ttyS0
ln -s /dev/ttyUSB0 /dev/ttyS0

\par}
 El primero solo en caso de que se tenga que trabajar necesariamente con el serial 0, de esta manera se realiza un enlace simbolico del ttyUSB0 a ttyS0. Este problema no se puede corregir ya que es de ARIA {\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
 \par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAJ}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Licencia
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Licencia}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE

Version 2, June 1991

Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.  
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
Preamble

The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to share and change it. By contrast, the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users. This General Public License applies to most of the Free Software Foundation's software and to any other program whose authors commit to using it. (Some other Free Software Foundation software is covered by the GNU Lesser General Public License instead.) You can apply it to your programs, too.

When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not price. Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.

To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights. These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.

For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that you have. You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code. And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.

We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and (2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the software.

Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free software. If the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original, so that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original authors' reputations.

Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software patents. We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free program will individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making the program proprietary. To prevent this, we have made it clear that any patent must be licensed for everyone's free use or not licensed at all.

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification follow.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

0. This License applies to any program or other work which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed under the terms of this General Public License. The "Program", below, refers to any such program or work, and a "work based on the Program" means either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another language. (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in the term "modification".) Each licensee is addressed as "you".

Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not covered by this License; they are outside its scope. The act of running the Program is not restricted, and the output from the Program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the Program (independent of having been made by running the Program). Whether that is true depends on what the Program does.

1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty; and give any other recipients of the Program a copy of this License along with the Program.

You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.

2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion of it, thus forming a work based on the Program, and copy and distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:

a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.
b) You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.
c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively when run, you must cause it, when started running for such interactive use in the most ordinary way, to print or display an announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a notice that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide a warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under these conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this License. (Exception: if the Program itself is interactive but does not normally print such an announcement, your work based on the Program is not required to print an announcement.)
These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole. If identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program, and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as separate works. But when you distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based on the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works based on the Program.

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program with the Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this License.

3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:

a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,
b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your cost of physically performing source distribution, a complete machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,
c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer to distribute corresponding source code. (This alternative is allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you received the program in object code or executable form with such an offer, in accord with Subsection b above.)
The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it. For an executable work, complete source code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation and installation of the executable. However, as a special exception, the source code distributed need not include anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies the executable.

If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the source code from the same place counts as distribution of the source code, even though third parties are not compelled to copy the source along with the object code.

4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program except as expressly provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License. However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.

5. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not signed it. However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the Program or its derivative works. These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License. Therefore, by modifying or distributing the Program (or any work based on the Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the Program or works based on it.

6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to these terms and conditions. You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to this License.

7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues), conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not excuse you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not distribute the Program at all. For example, if a patent license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from distribution of the Program.

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software distribution system, which is implemented by public license practices. Many people have made generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that choice.

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be a consequence of the rest of this License.

8. If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the original copyright holder who places the Program under this License may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded. In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if written in the body of this License.

9. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Program specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Program does not specify a version number of this License, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software Foundation.

10. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author to ask for permission. For software which is copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this. Our decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.

NO WARRANTY

11. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

12. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

\par}
 \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Lista de bugs{\tc \v Lista de bugs}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAA}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABT}
 {\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Namespace {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}}  \par
}
{\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid myTemperature tiene falla por el tipo de dato en formato a python '' toca pasar a '0x81', devuelve_valors fallo cuando no tiene valores \par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABU}
 {\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Namespace {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado}}}  \par
}
{\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Si la posicion del robot se sale del lienzo proboca un error en la matriz de la imagen. \par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABV}
 {\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Namespace {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo}}}  \par
}
{\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Indice de namespaces\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Indice de namespaces}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Paquetes\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Aqu\'ED van los paquetes con una breve descripci\'F3n (si et\'E1 disponible):}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Libreria para realizar el cliente })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Programa que utiliza la libreria openCV para la generacion del lienzo })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Servidor para el Pioneer P3-DX })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
\'CDndice de clases\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v \'CDndice de clases}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Lista de clases\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Lista de las clases, estructuras, uniones e interfaces con una breve descripci\'F3n:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.cliente_lib}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Es la clase encargada del cliente })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad.gamepad}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_adqui}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Es la clase encargada del entorno grafico y enlace con {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}} })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado.renderizado}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Es la clase encargada de la generacion del mapa atravez de comandos })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Indice de archivos\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Indice de archivos}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Lista de archivos\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Lista de todos los archivos con descripciones breves:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.py}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad.py}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.py}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado.py}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.py}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de namespaces\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Paquetes cliente_lib\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAH}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
libreria para realizar el cliente }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Clases\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
es la clase encargada del cliente }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Funciones\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para realizar pruebas de conexion. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Descripci\'F3n detallada\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
libreria para realizar el cliente \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Se debe especificar cual es el IP del servidor \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Autores:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Danny Vasconez \par
Daniel Granda \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Versi\'F3n:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.0.3 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Fecha:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 2012 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Precondici\'F3n:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Tener funcionando el servidor \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "bug__bug000001" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Bug}}}:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid myTemperature tiene falla por el tipo de dato en formato a python '' toca pasar a '0x81', devuelve_valors fallo cuando no tiene valores \par
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Atenci\'F3n:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid uso inapropiado puede hacer que la aplicacion falle\par
}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAB}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Ejemplo de uso
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Ejemplo de uso}
En el ejemplo se muestra tres maneras de enviar comandos la general que es requestOnce y las otras que son la misma pero modificada para trabajar con comandos especificos {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid a=cliente_lib() #Instancia a la clase cliete_lib
a.ip="192.168.1.10"
CLIENTE=a.cliente_inicio() 
# para realizar movimiento 
TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio = [-50,0,0]
CLIENTE=a.envio_ratioDrive(CLIENTE,TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio) #fijar los valores para mover
#
#para conocer valores como fisicos de la plataforma movil
CLIENTE=a.envio_consulta_fisica(CLIENTE,"updateNumbers")
valor=a.devuelve_valorf()
print valor
#
#para conocer los valores de los sonares
CLIENTE.requestOnce("pose")
valor=a.devuelve_valors()
print valor
#
ArUtil.sleep(1000)
a.cliente_apaga(CLIENTE)

\par}
 \par}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las funciones\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v main\:cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.main ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para realizar pruebas de conexion. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
sin tener que ejecutar la aplicacion completa; de la siguiente forma "python2.5 cliente_lib.py" \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0 \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 318 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 319           :\par
320         #prueba de la libreria\par
321         a=cliente_lib()\par
322         #a.ip="192.168.10.5" #Si el servidor esta en otra maquina \par
323         CLIENTE=a.cliente_inicio()\par
324         #TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio = [-50,0,0]\par
325         #CLIENTE=a.envio_ratioDrive(CLIENTE,TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio) #fijar los valores para mover\par
326         TransRatio=5\par
327         #for i in range(500):\par
328                 #CLIENTE=a.envio_consulta_fisica(CLIENTE,"pose")\par
329         CLIENTE=a.envio_griper(CLIENTE,TransRatio) #fijar los valores para mover\par
330         ArUtil.sleep(500)\par
331                 #print "Longitud X",len(a.x)\par
332                 #print "Longitud Y",len(a.y)\par
333         #print "X:", a.x\par
334         #print "Y:", a.y\par
335                 \par
336         #CLIENTE.requestOnce("pose")\par
337         #ArUtil.sleep(100)\par
338         a.cliente_apaga(CLIENTE)\par
        return 0\par
}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Paquetes gamepad\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v gamepad}
{\xe \v gamepad}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAO}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Clases\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 c}}}
 = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad}}}
()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 a}}}
 = c.gamepad_lectura(pipe,msg)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las variables\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v a\:gamepad}
{\xe \v gamepad\:a}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad.a}}}
 = c.gamepad_lectura(pipe,msg)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 99 del archivo gamepad.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v c\:gamepad}
{\xe \v gamepad\:c}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad.c}}}
 = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad}}}
()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 96 del archivo gamepad.py.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Paquetes inicio\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v inicio}
{\xe \v inicio}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAS}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Clases\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 prueba_adqui}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
es la clase encargada del entorno grafico y enlace con {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}} }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Funciones\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
El encargado al momento de ejcutar la aplicacion de instanciar el objeto prueba_teleoperacion. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las funciones\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v main\:inicio}
{\xe \v inicio\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.main ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
El encargado al momento de ejcutar la aplicacion de instanciar el objeto prueba_teleoperacion. }}\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 267 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 268           :\par
269         if os.name=="posix": #verifica que sea un entorno Linux\par
270                 dimensiones=(600,400)\par
271                 nombre_archivo="filenamea.jpg"\par
272                 dimensiones_robot=(13,13)\par
273                 app = prueba_adqui(dimensiones,nombre_archivo,dimensiones_robot) #instancia el objeto GUI con las senales enlazadas\par
274                 gtk.main() #levanta el motor GTK para poder visualizar\par
275   \par
\par
}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Paquetes renderizado\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v renderizado}
{\xe \v renderizado}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAW}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
programa que utiliza la libreria openCV para la generacion del lienzo }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Clases\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
es la clase encargada de la generacion del mapa atravez de comandos. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 a}}}
 = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado}}}
((600,400),"imagen.jpg",(13,13))\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Descripci\'F3n detallada\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
programa que utiliza la libreria openCV para la generacion del lienzo \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Programa para realizar el mapa con la informacion del sonar y odometria en la plataforma movil. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Autores:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Danny Vasconez \par
Daniel Granda \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Versi\'F3n:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.0.1 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Fecha:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 2012 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Precondici\'F3n:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Ningun requisito \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "bug__bug000002" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Bug}}}:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Si la posicion del robot se sale del lienzo proboca un error en la matriz de la imagen. \par
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Atenci\'F3n:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid uso inapropiado puede hacer que la aplicacion falle\par
}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAB}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Ejemplo de uso
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Ejemplo de uso}
En el ejemplo se muestra como se debe utilizar este paquete {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid a=renderizado((600,400),"imagen.jpg",(13,13))
a.cargar()
a.anadir_punto((5,51),radio=13)
a.graficar(500)
a.crear_imagen()
a.rotacion_y_posicion_robot(200,100,0)
a.crear_imagen()
a.rotacion_y_posicion_robot(20,300,-40)


\par}
 \par}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las variables\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v a\:renderizado}
{\xe \v renderizado\:a}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado.a}}}
 = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado}}}
((600,400),"imagen.jpg",(13,13))}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 154 del archivo renderizado.py.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Paquetes servidor_novo\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAC}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Servidor para el Pioneer P3-DX. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Funciones\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 requestCallback}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "test" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 movimiento}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "mover" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotar}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "rotar" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 posicion}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "pose" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
 = ArRobot()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gyro}}}
 = ArAnalogGyro({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 sonarDev}}}
 = ArSonarDevice(7)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
 = ArServerBase()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 packet}}}
 = ArNetPacket()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 con}}}
 = ArSimpleConnector(sys.argv)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 serverInfoRobot}}}
 = ArServerInfoRobot({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 serverInfoSensor}}}
 = ArServerInfoSensor({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 drawings}}}
 = ArServerInfoDrawings({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 modeStop}}}
 = ArServerModeStop({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 modeRatioDrive}}}
 = ArServerModeRatioDrive({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 modeWander}}}
 = ArServerModeWander({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
 = ArServerHandlerCommands({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 uCCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComUC({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 loggingCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComMovementLogging({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gyroCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComGyro({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gyro}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 configCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComLogRobotConfig({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Descripci\'F3n detallada\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Servidor para el Pioneer P3-DX. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Se lo puede utilizar con multiples conexiones de clientes trabaja en el puerto 7272 La lista de comandos para el paquete ArNetPacket se encuentra en el anexo 1 \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Autores:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Danny Vasconez \par
Daniel Granda \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Versi\'F3n:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.0.2 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Fecha:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 2012 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Precondici\'F3n:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Tener conectada la plataforma Pioneer P3-DX. \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "bug__bug000003" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Bug}}}:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Atenci\'F3n:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid uso inapropiado puede hacer que la aplicacion falle \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las funciones\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v movimiento\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:movimiento}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def servidor_novo.movimiento ({\i client}, {\i packet})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "mover" en el paquete. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i client} \cell }{El cliente que manda el paquete \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i packet} \cell }{el paquete que recibe el servidor para el comando \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 62 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 63                              :\par
64   robot.lock()\par
65   robot.comInt(8,5000) #move(5000) para atras move(-4999)\par
  robot.unlock()\par
}
}
{\xe \v posicion\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:posicion}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def servidor_novo.posicion ({\i client}, {\i packet})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "pose" en el paquete. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i client} \cell }{El cliente que manda el paquete \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i packet} \cell }{el paquete que recibe el servidor para el comando \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ArNetPacket con la informacion en coordenadas X,Y,T al cliente \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 84 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 85                            :\par
86   robot.lock()\par
87   poses = sonarDev.getCurrentBufferAsVector()\par
88   packet=ArNetPacket()\par
89   packet.doubleToBuf(len(poses))\par
90   for p in poses:\par
91     print p\par
92     valor=str(p).strip('(').strip(')').strip('X:')\par
93     valor=valor.split(",")\par
94     valor_x=valor[0]\par
95     valor_y=valor[1].strip().strip('Y:')\par
96     packet.byte4ToBuf(int(float(valor_x)))\par
97     packet.byte4ToBuf(int(float(valor_y)))\par
98   packet.finalizePacket()\par
99   print packet.verifyCheckSum()\par
100   client.sendPacketTcp(packet)\par
101   robot.unlock()\par
102 \par
103 # This example demonstrates how to use ArNetworking in Python. \par
104 \par
105 # Global library initialization, just like the C++ API:\par
106 Aria.init()\par
107 \par
# Create a robot object:\par
}
}
{\xe \v requestCallback\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:requestCallback}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def servidor_novo.requestCallback ({\i client}, {\i packet})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "test" en el paquete. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i client} \cell }{El cliente que manda el paquete \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i packet} \cell }{el paquete que recibe el servidor para el comando \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 50 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 51                                    :\par
52   replyPacket = ArNetPacket()\par
53   replyPacket.strToBuf(str(robot.getPose().x));\par
54   print "requestCallback received a packet with command #%d. Sending a reply...\\n" % (packet.getCommand())\par
  client.sendPacketTcp(replyPacket)\par
}
}
{\xe \v rotar\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:rotar}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def servidor_novo.rotar ({\i client}, {\i packet})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "rotar" en el paquete. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i client} \cell }{El cliente que manda el paquete \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i packet} \cell }{el paquete que recibe el servidor para el comando \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 73 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 74                         :\par
75   robot.lock()\par
76   robot.comInt(12,50) \par
  robot.unlock()\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las variables\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v commands\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:commands}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.commands}}}
 = ArServerHandlerCommands({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 162 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v con\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:con}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.con}}}
 = ArSimpleConnector(sys.argv)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 134 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v configCommands\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:configCommands}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.configCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComLogRobotConfig({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 170 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v drawings\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:drawings}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.drawings}}}
 = ArServerInfoDrawings({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 151 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v gyro\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:gyro}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.gyro}}}
 = ArAnalogGyro({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 111 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v gyroCommands\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:gyroCommands}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.gyroCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComGyro({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gyro}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 168 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v loggingCommands\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:loggingCommands}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.loggingCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComMovementLogging({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 166 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v modeRatioDrive\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:modeRatioDrive}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.modeRatioDrive}}}
 = ArServerModeRatioDrive({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 156 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v modeStop\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:modeStop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.modeStop}}}
 = ArServerModeStop({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 155 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v modeWander\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:modeWander}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.modeWander}}}
 = ArServerModeWander({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 157 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v packet\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:packet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.packet}}}
 = ArNetPacket()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 121 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v robot\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:robot}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.robot}}}
 = ArRobot()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 108 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v server\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:server}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.server}}}
 = ArServerBase()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 119 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v serverInfoRobot\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:serverInfoRobot}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.serverInfoRobot}}}
 = ArServerInfoRobot({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 149 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v serverInfoSensor\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:serverInfoSensor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.serverInfoSensor}}}
 = ArServerInfoSensor({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 150 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v sonarDev\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:sonarDev}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.sonarDev}}}
 = ArSonarDevice(7)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 114 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v uCCommands\:servidor_novo}
{\xe \v servidor_novo\:uCCommands}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.uCCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComUC({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 164 del archivo servidor_novo.py.}\par
}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las clases{\tc \v Documentaci\'F3n de las clases}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia de la Clase cliente_lib.cliente_lib\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAK}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
es la clase encargada del cliente }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
M\'E9todos p\'FAblicos\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 __init__}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Carga valores a las variables necesarias para funcionar el cliente. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 valores}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "updateNumbers" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 lista_sonares}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para leer el paquete arNetPacket con la lista del sonar. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 valores_sonares}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para leer el paquete arNetPacket con los valores del sonar. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 envio_ratioDrive}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para realizar la teleoperacion, mandando los parametros. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 envio_griper}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para realizar la teleoperacion, mandando los parametros. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 uC_comandos_movi}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para mandar ordenes de movimiento directamente al controlador de la plataforma movil. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 envio_consulta_fisica}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para mandar ordenes al servidor utilizando paquetes ArNetPacket con comandos {\b pose}  y {\b updateNumbers}  }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_inicio}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para iniciar la conexion con el servidor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_apaga}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para realizar la desconexion con el servidor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 devuelve_valorf}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Devuelve el variable valor_fisico, con usa espera de 100ms. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 devuelve_valors}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Devuelve el variable valor_sonares, con usa espera de 100ms. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Atributos p\'FAblicos\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 valor_fisico}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 valor_sonares}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ip}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 x}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 y}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 t}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 acu}}}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Descripci\'F3n detallada\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
es la clase encargada del cliente \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
se lo utiliza de esta manera par poder trabajar con la informacion tanto leyendo las variables o utilizando los comandos \par
}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 50 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n del constructor y destructor\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v __init__\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:__init__}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.cliente_lib.__init__ ({\i self})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Carga valores a las variables necesarias para funcionar el cliente. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
este comando no es necesario utilizarlo es usado al instanciar la clase {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{este parametro no es necesario escribir \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 57 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 58                           :\par
59                 print "Cargo modulo para cliente_lib"\par
60                 self.valor_fisico=[]\par
61                 self.valor_sonares=[] \par
62                 self.ip="localhost"\par
63                 self.x=\{\}\par
64                 self.y=\{\}\par
65                 self.t=\{\}\par
66                 self.acu=0\par
\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las funciones miembro\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v cliente_apaga\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:cliente_apaga}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.cliente_lib.cliente_apaga ({\i self}, {\i client})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para realizar la desconexion con el servidor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{este parametro no es necesario escribir \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i client} \cell }{para poder desconectar el cliente \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 252 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 253                                       :\par
254                 ArUtil.sleep(1000)\par
255                 client.disconnect()\par
256                 ArUtil.sleep(50)\par
                return 0\par
}
}
{\xe \v cliente_inicio\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:cliente_inicio}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.cliente_lib.cliente_inicio ({\i self})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para iniciar la conexion con el servidor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{este parametro no es necesario escribir \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid client \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 208 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 209                                 :\par
210                 client = ArClientBase()\par
211                 #Solo funcionar el lectura de datos por TCP\par
212                 client.setTcpOnlyFromServer()\par
213                 client.setTcpOnlyToServer()\par
214                 #\par
215                 Aria.init()\par
216                 \par
217                 startTime = ArTime()\par
218                 startTime.setToNow()\par
219                 if not client.blockingConnect(self.ip, 7272): #ip y puerto del servidor\par
220                         print "Could not connect to server at %s port 7272, exiting" % self.ip\par
221                         \par
222                         Aria.exit(1);\par
223                 print "cliente: Se tardo %ld msec en connectarse\\n" % (startTime.mSecSince())\par
224                 \par
225                 client.runAsync()\par
226                 client.addHandler("updateNumbers",self.valores)\par
227                 #\par
228                 #client.request("updateNumbers",100)\par
229                 #\par
230                 client.addHandler("getSensorList",self.lista_sonares)\par
231                 client.addHandler("pose",self.valores_sonares)\par
232                 #\par
233                 #client.lock()\par
234                 #client.request("pose",100)\par
235                 #client.unlock()\par
236                 #\par
237                 \par
238                 if client.dataExists("ratioDrive"): #supuestamente devuelve la info del robot con odometria\par
239                         print "ratioDrive si existe"\par
240                 else:\par
241                         Aria.exit(1);\par
242                 #client=envio_ratioDrive(client,TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio) #fijar los valores para mover\par
243                 #client=uC_comandos_movi(client,comando,parametro) #Lo hace de una manera directa anulando las demas operaciones\par
244                 #client.requestOnce("updateNumbers")\par
245                 #client.requestOnce("stop") #parada de emergencia\par
               return client\par
}
}
{\xe \v devuelve_valorf\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:devuelve_valorf}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.cliente_lib.devuelve_valorf ({\i self})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Devuelve el variable valor_fisico, con usa espera de 100ms. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{este parametro no es necesario escribir \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 262 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 263                                  :\par
264                 ArUtil.sleep(100)\par
               return self.valor_fisico\par
}
}
{\xe \v devuelve_valors\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:devuelve_valors}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.cliente_lib.devuelve_valors ({\i self})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Devuelve el variable valor_sonares, con usa espera de 100ms. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{este parametro no es necesario escribir \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 270 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 271                                  :\par
272                 ArUtil.sleep(100)\par
273                 valor=self.valor_sonares\par
274                 if valor==[]:\par
275                         print valor\par
276                         return \{'x0':-9999,'x1':-9999\},\{'y0':-9999,'y1':-9999\},\{'t0':0,'t1':0\} #valores quitar despues\par
277                 else:\par
278                         try:\par
279                                 x_br=[]\par
280                                 y_br=[]\par
281                                 t_br=[]\par
282                                 for a in range(int(valor[0])): #el primer valor indica cuantos elementos se tiene de sensores\par
283                                         #print valor[1][a]\par
284                                         valor[1][a]=valor[1][a].strip('(')\par
285                                         valor[1][a]=valor[1][a].strip(')')\par
286                                         valor[1][a]=valor[1][a].split(",") #comienza a separar por que viene en forma (X:valor,Y:valor,T:valor)\par
287                                         valor[1][a][0]=valor[1][a][0].strip() #borrar los espacios en blanco de los elementos\par
288                                         valor[1][a][1]=valor[1][a][1].strip()\par
289                                         valor[1][a][2]=valor[1][a][2].strip()\par
290                                         x_br+=[valor[1][a][0].strip("X:")]\par
291                                         #print x_br\par
292                                         y_br+=[valor[1][a][1].strip("Y:")]\par
293                                         t_br+=[valor[1][a][2].strip("T:")]\par
294                                         \par
295                                 #print len(x_br)\par
296                                 for a in range(len(x_br)):\par
297                                         self.x.update(\{'x%d' % self.acu:float(x_br[a])\}) #Ordena los datos en forma de diccionario, float tiene problemas con 0.000\par
298                                         self.y.update(\{'y%d' % self.acu:float(y_br[a])\})\par
299                                         #self.t.update(\{'t%d' % self.acu:float(t_br[a].strip(")"))\})\par
300                                         self.t.update(\{'t%d' % self.acu:0\})\par
301                                         self.acu+=1\par
302                                         if self.acu==5000:\par
303                                                 self.acu=0\par
304                                                 #pass\par
305                                 #print self.x\par
306                                 #print self.y\par
307                                 #print self.t\par
308                                 return self.x,self.y,self.t\par
309                         except:\par
310                                 pass\par
311 \par
\par
}
}
{\xe \v envio_consulta_fisica\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:envio_consulta_fisica}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.cliente_lib.envio_consulta_fisica ({\i self}, {\i client}, {\i mensaje})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para mandar ordenes al servidor utilizando paquetes ArNetPacket con comandos {\b pose}  y {\b updateNumbers}  }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{este parametro no es necesario escribir \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i client} \cell }{Se debe trar el objeto cliente a la definicion para poder utilizar el enlace del cliente para enviar el paquete al servidor \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i mensaje} \cell }{puede ser cualquier comando del servidor que no devuelva informacion a exepcion de pose y updatenumbers \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid client \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 197 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 198                                                       :\par
199                 ## se puede usar pose y updateNumbers\par
200                 client.requestOnce(mensaje)\par
201                 return client\par
           \par
}
}
{\xe \v envio_griper\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:envio_griper}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.cliente_lib.envio_griper ({\i self}, {\i client}, {\i TransRatio})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para realizar la teleoperacion, mandando los parametros. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{este parametro no es necesario escribir \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i client} \cell }{Se debe trar el objeto cliente a la definicion para poder utilizar el enlace del cliente para enviar el paquete al servidor \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i TransRatio} \cell }{Velocidad de traslacion \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i RotRatio} \cell }{Velocidad de rotacion \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i LatRatio} \cell }{velocidad lateral para el modelo Pioneer P3-DX no se necesario puede ser 0 \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid client \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 165 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 166                                                 :\par
167                 myTransRatio=TransRatio\par
168                 packet=ArNetPacket()\par
169                 packet.doubleToBuf(myTransRatio)\par
170                 client.requestOnce("ComandoGripper", packet)\par
171                 return client\par
     \par
}
}
{\xe \v envio_ratioDrive\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:envio_ratioDrive}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.cliente_lib.envio_ratioDrive ({\i self}, {\i client}, {\i TransRatio}, {\i RotRatio}, {\i LatRatio})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para realizar la teleoperacion, mandando los parametros. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{este parametro no es necesario escribir \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i client} \cell }{Se debe trar el objeto cliente a la definicion para poder utilizar el enlace del cliente para enviar el paquete al servidor \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i TransRatio} \cell }{Velocidad de traslacion \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i RotRatio} \cell }{Velocidad de rotacion \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i LatRatio} \cell }{velocidad lateral para el modelo Pioneer P3-DX no se necesario puede ser 0 \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid client \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 143 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 144                                                                       :\par
145                 myTransRatio=TransRatio\par
146                 myRotRatio=RotRatio\par
147                 myLatRatio=LatRatio\par
148                 packet=ArNetPacket()\par
149                 packet.doubleToBuf(myTransRatio)\par
150                 packet.doubleToBuf(myRotRatio)\par
151                 packet.doubleToBuf(50) # use half of the robot's maximum.\par
152                 packet.doubleToBuf(myLatRatio)\par
153                 client.requestOnce("ratioDrive", packet)\par
154                 return client\par
   \par
}
}
{\xe \v lista_sonares\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:lista_sonares}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.cliente_lib.lista_sonares ({\i self}, {\i packet})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para leer el paquete arNetPacket con la lista del sonar. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
este comando no es necesario utilizarlo es usado solo por el cliente para procesar el paquete {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{este parametro no es necesario escribir \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i packet} \cell }{este parametro no es necesario escribir \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid nada \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 98 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 99                                       :\par
100                 c="                                   "\par
101                 numSensor=packet.bufToByte2()\par
102                 numSensor2=packet.bufToStr(c,15)\par
103                 print str(numSensor)+" "+str(c.strip())\par
\par
}
}
{\xe \v uC_comandos_movi\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:uC_comandos_movi}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.cliente_lib.uC_comandos_movi ({\i self}, {\i client}, {\i comando}, {\i parametro})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para mandar ordenes de movimiento directamente al controlador de la plataforma movil. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{este parametro no es necesario escribir \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i client} \cell }{Se debe trar el objeto cliente a la definicion para poder utilizar el enlace del cliente para enviar el paquete al servidor \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i comando} \cell }{es un numero de 1-255 que representa una funcion esta informacion se puede encontrar en el API de ARIA \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i parametro} \cell }{el parametro de la funcion en caso de no tener se deja el valor en blanco \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid client \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 181 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 182                                                            :\par
183                 mi_comando=comando #comando 8 es MOVE parametro un valor de 5000 a -4999 es en mm, 11 LEV y su parametro es velocidad +o- mm/s\par
184                 mi_parametro=parametro #parametro\par
185                 packet=ArNetPacket()\par
186                 packet.strToBuf(mi_comando+" "+mi_parametro)\par
187                 client.requestOnce("MicroControllerMotionCommand", packet) #MicroControllerMotionCommand\par
188                 return client\par
\par
}
}
{\xe \v valores\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:valores}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.cliente_lib.valores ({\i self}, {\i packet})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "updateNumbers" en el paquete. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
este comando no es necesario utilizarlo es usado solo por el cliente para procesar el paquete {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{este parametro no es necesario escribir \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i packet} \cell }{el paquete que recibe el cliente del servidor, no es necesario escribir \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada, pero guarda en self.valores_fisico [voltaje_bateria,myX,myY,myTh,myVel,myRotVel,myLatVel,myTemperature] \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 75 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 76                                 :\par
77                 #devuelve los valores voltaje_bateria,myX,myY,myTh,myVel,myRotVel,myLatVel,myTemperature\par
78                 voltaje_bateria=packet.bufToByte2()/10\par
79                 myX = packet.bufToByte4()#\par
80                 myY = packet.bufToByte4()\par
81                 myTh = packet.bufToByte2()\par
82                 myVel = packet.bufToByte2()\par
83                 myRotVel = packet.bufToByte2()\par
84                 myLatVel = packet.bufToByte2()\par
85                 myTemperature = packet.bufToByte()\par
86                 #print "X= "+str(myX)+" y="+str(myY)+" th="+str(myTh)\par
87                 self.valor_fisico=(voltaje_bateria,myX,myY,myTh,myVel,myRotVel,myLatVel,myTemperature)\par
88                 self.valor_fisico=(voltaje_bateria,myX,myY,myTh,myVel,myRotVel,myLatVel,0)\par
89                 #print valor\par
\par
}
}
{\xe \v valores_sonares\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:valores_sonares}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.cliente_lib.valores_sonares ({\i self}, {\i packet})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para leer el paquete arNetPacket con los valores del sonar. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
este comando no es necesario utilizarlo es usado solo por el cliente para procesar el paquete {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{este parametro no es necesario escribir \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i packet} \cell }{este parametro no es necesario escribir \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid nada \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 112 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 113                                         :\par
114                 try:\par
115                         bandera1=0\par
116                         cantidad=packet.bufToDouble()\par
117                         print int(cantidad)\par
118                         for i in range(2*int(cantidad)):\par
119                                 if bandera1==0:\par
120                                         self.x.update(\{'x%d' % (self.acu):int(packet.bufToByte4())\})\par
121                                         bandera1=1\par
122                                 else:\par
123                                         self.y.update(\{'y%d' % (self.acu):int(packet.bufToByte4())\})\par
124                                         bandera1=0\par
125                                         self.acu=self.acu+1\par
126                                 if self.acu==200:\par
127                                         self.acu=0\par
128                                         self.x=\{\}\par
129                                         self.y=\{\}\par
130                 except:\par
131                         print "Fallo lectura sensores"\par
132                         pass\par
\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de los datos miembro\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acu\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:acu}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.cliente_lib.acu}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 57 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v ip\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:ip}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.cliente_lib.ip}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 57 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v t\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.cliente_lib.t}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 57 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v valor_fisico\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:valor_fisico}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.cliente_lib.valor_fisico}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 57 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v valor_sonares\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:valor_sonares}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.cliente_lib.valor_sonares}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 57 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v x\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:x}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.cliente_lib.x}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 57 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v y\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:y}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.cliente_lib.y}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 57 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
La documentaci\'F3n para esta clase fue generada a partir del siguiente fichero:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.py}}}
\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia de la Clase gamepad.gamepad\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v gamepad::gamepad}
{\xe \v gamepad::gamepad}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAN}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
M\'E9todos p\'FAblicos\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 __init__}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad_init}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad_lectura}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Atributos p\'FAblicos\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 a}}}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Descripci\'F3n detallada\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 29 del archivo gamepad.py.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n del constructor y destructor\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v __init__\:gamepad::gamepad}
{\xe \v gamepad::gamepad\:__init__}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def gamepad.gamepad.__init__ ({\i self})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 30 del archivo gamepad.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 31                           :\par
32                 self.a=0\par
\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las funciones miembro\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v gamepad_init\:gamepad::gamepad}
{\xe \v gamepad::gamepad\:gamepad_init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def gamepad.gamepad.gamepad_init ({\i self})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 33 del archivo gamepad.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 34                               :\par
35                 #Abre el dispositivo js0 como si fuera un archivo de lectura\par
36                 pipe=open('/dev/input/js0','r')\par
37                 msg=[]\par
          return pipe,msg\par
}
}
{\xe \v gamepad_lectura\:gamepad::gamepad}
{\xe \v gamepad::gamepad\:gamepad_lectura}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def gamepad.gamepad.gamepad_lectura ({\i self}, {\i pipe}, {\i msg})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 38 del archivo gamepad.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 39                                           :\par
40                 #time.sleep(5)\par
41                 a=0\par
42                 #Para cada caracter leidos desde el /dev/input/js0 pipe..\par
43                 for char in pipe.read(1):\par
44                         #Agrega la representacion entera de la lectura de caracteres Unicode en la lista msg.\par
45                         msg+=[ord(char)]\par
46                         #print len(msg)\par
47                         #Si el tamanio de la lista msg es 8\par
48                         if len(msg) == 8:\par
49                                 #Boton evento si el byte 6 es 1\par
50                                 if msg[6] == 1: #1\par
51                                         if msg[4] == 0:\par
52                                                 if msg[7] == 0:\par
53                                                         #print "Boton 1"\par
54                                                         a='b1'\par
55                                                 elif msg[7] == 1:\par
56                                                         #print "Boton 2"\par
57                                                         a='b2'\par
58                                                 elif msg[7] == 2:\par
59                                                         #print "Boton 3"\par
60                                                         a='b3'\par
61                                                 elif msg[7] == 3:\par
62                                                         #print "Boton 4"\par
63                                                         a='b4'\par
64                                                 elif msg[7] == 4:\par
65                                                         #print "Boton L1"\par
66                                                         a='l1'\par
67                                                 elif msg[7] == 5:\par
68                                                         #print "Boton R1"\par
69                                                         a='r1'\par
70                                                 elif msg[7] == 6:\par
71                                                         #print "Boton L2"\par
72                                                         a='l2'\par
73                                                 elif msg[7] == 7:\par
74                                                         #print "Boton R2"\par
75                                                         a='r2'\par
76                                 #ejes evento if el byte 6 es 2\par
77                                 elif msg[6] == 2:\par
78                                         if msg[5] == 128:\par
79                                                 if msg[7] == 1:\par
80                                                         #print "Boton Arriba"\par
81                                                         a='ar'\par
82                                                 elif msg[7] == 0:\par
83                                                         #print "Boton Izquierda"\par
84                                                         a='iz'\par
85                                         elif msg[5] == 127:\par
86                                                 if msg[7] == 0:\par
87                                                         #print "Boton Derecha"\par
88                                                         a='de'\par
89                                                 elif msg[7] == 1:\par
90                                                         #print "Boton Abajo"\par
91                                                         a='ab'\par
92                                 #resetear msg como una lista vacia\par
93                                 msg[0:] = []\par
94                 self.a=a\par
                return a\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de los datos miembro\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v a\:gamepad::gamepad}
{\xe \v gamepad::gamepad\:a}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad.gamepad.a}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 30 del archivo gamepad.py.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
La documentaci\'F3n para esta clase fue generada a partir del siguiente fichero:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad.py}}}
\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia de la Clase inicio.prueba_adqui\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAR}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
es la clase encargada del entorno grafico y enlace con {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}} }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
M\'E9todos p\'FAblicos\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 __init__}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
para cargar el XML de gtk+ y sus senales }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 izq_clicked}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 der_clicked}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 arriba_clicked}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 abajo_clicked}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 parar_clicked}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 button1_clicked}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 generador_mapa}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 on_maps_destroy}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Atributos p\'FAblicos\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 aument}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 teleoper}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 boton}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 area}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 imagen}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 nombre_archivo}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 a}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 valores_f}}}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Descripci\'F3n detallada\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
es la clase encargada del entorno grafico y enlace con {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}} \par
}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 55 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n del constructor y destructor\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v __init__\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:__init__}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_adqui.__init__ ({\i self}, {\i dimensiones}, {\i nombre_archivo}, {\i dimensiones_robot})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
para cargar el XML de gtk+ y sus senales }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid self \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 62 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 63                                                                        :\par
64                 self.aument=0\par
65                 builder = gtk.Builder() #El archivo de glade debe estar en gtkbuilder\par
66                 builder.add_from_file("glade/GUI.glade") #Carga el archivo glade\par
67                 builder.connect_signals(self) #Toma todas las senales de glade\par
68                 self.teleoper = builder.get_object("map") #Ventana principal\par
69                 self.boton = builder.get_object("button1")\par
70                 self.area=builder.get_object("mapa")\par
71                 self.teleoper.show()\par
72                 #Inicializa cliente d-bus\par
73                 #self.client_dbus = DBusClient()\par
74                 #\par
75                 #Inicializar visor\par
76                 #self.client_dbus.visor()\par
77                 #\par
78                 #imnicio opencv\par
79                 self.imagen=mapa(dimensiones,nombre_archivo,dimensiones_robot)\par
80                 self.nombre_archivo=nombre_archivo\par
81                 self.imagen.cargar()\par
82                 #\par
83                 self.a=cliente_lib();\par
84                 self.a.ip="192.168.1.102"\par
85                 self.cliente=self.a.cliente_inicio()\par
86                 #self.a.cliente_apaga(self.cliente)\par
87                 try:\par
88                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_consulta_fisica(self.cliente,"pose")\par
89                         #valor_x,valor_y,valor_t=self.a.devuelve_valors()\par
90                         valor_x=self.a.x\par
91                         valor_y=self.a.y\par
92                         ArUtil.sleep(100) #cambiar estos comandos por temporisadores de python\par
93                         #sleep(0.1)\par
94                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_consulta_fisica(self.cliente,"updateNumbers")\par
95                         self.valores_f=self.a.devuelve_valorf()\par
96                         mi_x=self.valores_f[1]\par
97                         mi_y=self.valores_f[2]\par
98                         mi_th=self.valores_f[3]\par
99                         #print valor_x\par
100                         #print valor_y\par
101                         print len(valor_x)\par
102                         self.generador_mapa(valor_x,valor_y,mi_x,mi_y,mi_th)\par
103                 except:\par
104                         print "Fallo inicio"\par
                    pass\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las funciones miembro\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v abajo_clicked\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:abajo_clicked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_adqui.abajo_clicked ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 177 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 178                                                   :\par
179                 try:\par
180                         print "Presiono abajo"\par
181                         TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio = [-50,0,0]\par
182                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_ratioDrive(self.cliente,TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio) #fijar los valores para mover\par
183                         ArUtil.sleep(100)\par
184                         #sleep(0.1)\par
185                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_consulta_fisica(self.cliente,"pose")\par
186                         #valor_x,valor_y,valor_t=self.a.devuelve_valors()\par
187                         valor_x=self.a.x\par
188                         valor_y=self.a.y\par
189                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_consulta_fisica(self.cliente,"updateNumbers")\par
190                         self.valores_f=self.a.devuelve_valorf()\par
191                         mi_x=self.valores_f[1]\par
192                         mi_y=self.valores_f[2]\par
193                         mi_th=self.valores_f[3]\par
194                         #print self.valores_f\par
195                         #print valor_x\par
196                         #print valor_y\par
197                         print len(valor_x)\par
198                         self.generador_mapa(valor_x,valor_y,mi_x,mi_y,mi_th)\par
199                 except:\par
200                         print "Fallo"\par
                   pass\par
}
}
{\xe \v arriba_clicked\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:arriba_clicked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_adqui.arriba_clicked ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 153 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 154                                                    :\par
155                 try:\par
156                         print "Presiono arriba"\par
157                         TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio = [50,0,0]\par
158                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_ratioDrive(self.cliente,TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio) #fijar los valores para mover\par
159                         ArUtil.sleep(100)\par
160                         #sleep(0.1)\par
161                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_consulta_fisica(self.cliente,"pose")\par
162                         #valor_x,valor_y,valor_t=self.a.devuelve_valors()\par
163                         valor_x=self.a.x\par
164                         valor_y=self.a.y\par
165                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_consulta_fisica(self.cliente,"updateNumbers")\par
166                         self.valores_f=self.a.devuelve_valorf()\par
167                         mi_x=self.valores_f[1]\par
168                         mi_y=self.valores_f[2]\par
169                         mi_th=self.valores_f[3]\par
170                         #print self.valores_f\par
171                         #print valor_x\par
172                         #print valor_y\par
173                         print len(valor_x)\par
174                         self.generador_mapa(valor_x,valor_y,mi_x,mi_y,mi_th)\par
175                 except:\par
176                         print "Fallo"\par
                   pass\par
}
}
{\xe \v button1_clicked\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:button1_clicked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_adqui.button1_clicked ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 224 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 225                                                     :\par
226                 try:\par
227                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_consulta_fisica(self.cliente,"pose")\par
228                         ArUtil.sleep(100)\par
229                         #sleep(0.1)\par
230                         #valor_x,valor_y,valor_t=self.a.devuelve_valors()\par
231                         valor_x=self.a.x\par
232                         valor_y=self.a.y\par
233                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_consulta_fisica(self.cliente,"updateNumbers")\par
234                         self.valores_f=self.a.devuelve_valorf()\par
235                         mi_x=self.valores_f[1]\par
236                         mi_y=self.valores_f[2]\par
237                         mi_th=self.valores_f[3]\par
238                         #print self.valores_f\par
239                         #print valor_x\par
240                         #print valor_y\par
241                         print len(valor_x)\par
242                         self.generador_mapa(valor_x,valor_y,mi_x,mi_y,mi_th)\par
243                 except:\par
244                         print "Fallo paro"\par
245                         pass\par
\par
}
}
{\xe \v der_clicked\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:der_clicked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_adqui.der_clicked ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 129 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 130                                                 :\par
131                 try:\par
132                         print "presiono derecha"\par
133                         TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio = [0,-90,-90]\par
134                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_ratioDrive(self.cliente,TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio) #fijar los valores para mover\par
135                         ArUtil.sleep(100)\par
136                         #sleep(0.1)\par
137                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_consulta_fisica(self.cliente,"pose")\par
138                         #valor_x,valor_y,valor_t=self.a.devuelve_valors()\par
139                         valor_x=self.a.x\par
140                         valor_y=self.a.y\par
141                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_consulta_fisica(self.cliente,"updateNumbers")\par
142                         self.valores_f=self.a.devuelve_valorf()\par
143                         mi_x=self.valores_f[1]\par
144                         mi_y=self.valores_f[2]\par
145                         mi_th=self.valores_f[3]\par
146                         #print self.valores_f\par
147                         #print valor_x\par
148                         #print valor_y\par
149                         print len(valor_x)\par
150                         self.generador_mapa(valor_x,valor_y,mi_x,mi_y,mi_th)\par
151                 except:\par
152                         print "Fallo"\par
                   pass\par
}
}
{\xe \v generador_mapa\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:generador_mapa}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_adqui.generador_mapa ({\i self}, {\i valor_x}, {\i valor_y}, {\i mi_x}, {\i mi_y}, {\i mi_th})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 246 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 247                                                                 :\par
248                 try:\par
249                         print valor_x\par
250                         if (len(valor_x)>0):\par
251                                 for a in range(len(valor_x)): #SIP en c. \par
252                                         self.imagen.anadir_punto((valor_x['x%d' % a]/100+300,valor_y['y%d' % a]/100+200),radio=2)\par
253                         self.imagen.crear_imagen()\par
254                         self.imagen.rotacion_y_posicion_robot(mi_x/100+300,mi_y/100+200,mi_th)\par
255                         self.area.set_from_file(self.nombre_archivo)\par
256                 except:\par
257                         print "Fallo mapa"\par
258                         pass\par
    \par
}
}
{\xe \v izq_clicked\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:izq_clicked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_adqui.izq_clicked ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 105 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 106                                                 :\par
107                 try:\par
108                         print "presiono izquierda"\par
109                         TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio = [0,90,90]\par
110                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_ratioDrive(self.cliente,TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio) #fijar los valores para mover\par
111                         ArUtil.sleep(100)\par
112                         #sleep(0.1)\par
113                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_consulta_fisica(self.cliente,"pose")\par
114                         #valor_x,valor_y,valor_t=self.a.devuelve_valors()\par
115                         valor_x=self.a.x\par
116                         valor_y=self.a.y\par
117                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_consulta_fisica(self.cliente,"updateNumbers")\par
118                         self.valores_f=self.a.devuelve_valorf()\par
119                         mi_x=self.valores_f[1]\par
120                         mi_y=self.valores_f[2]\par
121                         mi_th=self.valores_f[3]\par
122                         #print self.valores_f\par
123                         #print valor_x\par
124                         #print valor_y\par
125                         print len(valor_x)\par
126                         self.generador_mapa(valor_x,valor_y,mi_x,mi_y,mi_th)\par
127                 except:\par
128                         print "Fallo init"\par
                      pass\par
}
}
{\xe \v on_maps_destroy\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:on_maps_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_adqui.on_maps_destroy ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 259 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 260                                                     :\par
261                 print self.a.cliente_apaga(self.cliente)\par
                gtk.main_quit()\par
}
}
{\xe \v parar_clicked\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:parar_clicked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_adqui.parar_clicked ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 201 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 202                                                   :\par
203                 try:\par
204                         print "Presiono alto"\par
205                         self.cliente.requestOnce("stop") #parada de emergencia\par
206                         ArUtil.sleep(100)\par
207                         #sleep(0.1)\par
208                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_consulta_fisica(self.cliente,"pose")\par
209                         #valor_x,valor_y,valor_t=self.a.devuelve_valors()\par
210                         valor_x=self.a.x\par
211                         valor_y=self.a.y\par
212                         self.cliente=self.a.envio_consulta_fisica(self.cliente,"updateNumbers")\par
213                         self.valores_f=self.a.devuelve_valorf()\par
214                         mi_x=self.valores_f[1]\par
215                         mi_y=self.valores_f[2]\par
216                         mi_th=self.valores_f[3]\par
217                         #print self.valores_f\par
218                         #print valor_x\par
219                         #print valor_y\par
220                         print len(valor_x)\par
221                         self.generador_mapa(valor_x,valor_y,mi_x,mi_y,mi_th)\par
222                 except:\par
223                         print "Fallo"\par
                   pass\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de los datos miembro\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v a\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:a}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_adqui.a}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 62 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v area\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:area}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_adqui.area}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 62 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v aument\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:aument}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_adqui.aument}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 62 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v boton\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:boton}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_adqui.boton}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 62 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v cliente\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:cliente}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_adqui.cliente}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 62 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v imagen\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:imagen}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_adqui.imagen}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 62 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v nombre_archivo\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:nombre_archivo}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_adqui.nombre_archivo}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 62 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v teleoper\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:teleoper}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_adqui.teleoper}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 62 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v valores_f\:inicio::prueba_adqui}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_adqui\:valores_f}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_adqui.valores_f}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 62 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
La documentaci\'F3n para esta clase fue generada a partir del siguiente fichero:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.py}}}
\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia de la Clase renderizado.renderizado\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v renderizado::renderizado}
{\xe \v renderizado::renderizado}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAV}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
es la clase encargada de la generacion del mapa atravez de comandos. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
M\'E9todos p\'FAblicos\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 __init__}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Inicio de variable de uso de la libreria. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cargar}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
genera el los lienzos del mapa y del robot }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 anadir_punto}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
crear un punto en el lienzo del mapa }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 graficar}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Comando solo utilizado para la prueba del paquete para visualizar los lienzos. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 crear_imagen}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Crea la imagen para cargarla en el programa con el lienzo ya finalizado. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotacion_y_posicion_robot}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
graficar el robot en el lienzo de mapa }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Atributos p\'FAblicos\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 nombre_archivo}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 nombre_archivo1}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 dimeniones}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 dimensiones_robot}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 image}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Descripci\'F3n detallada\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
es la clase encargada de la generacion del mapa atravez de comandos. \par
}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 51 del archivo renderizado.py.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n del constructor y destructor\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v __init__\:renderizado::renderizado}
{\xe \v renderizado::renderizado\:__init__}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def renderizado.renderizado.__init__ ({\i self}, {\i dimensiones}, {\i nombre_archivo}, {\i dimensiones_robot})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Inicio de variable de uso de la libreria. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i dimensiones} \cell }{Es una tupla con las dimensiones de la imagen a generar \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i nombre_archivo} \cell }{Es un string con el nombre de la imagen a crear como por ejemplo imagen.jpg \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i dimensiones_robot} \cell }{Las dimensiones en pixeles de la imagen robot \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 61 del archivo renderizado.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 62                                                                        :\par
63                 self.nombre_archivo=nombre_archivo\par
64                 self.nombre_archivo1=nombre_archivo.replace(".jpg",".acdc")+".jpg"\par
65                 self.dimeniones=dimensiones\par
66                 self.dimensiones_robot=dimensiones_robot\par
67                 self.image=cv.CreateImage(dimensiones,8,3)\par
68                 cv.Not(self.image,self.image)\par
           cv.SaveImage(self.nombre_archivo1,self.image)\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las funciones miembro\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v anadir_punto\:renderizado::renderizado}
{\xe \v renderizado::renderizado\:anadir_punto}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def renderizado.renderizado.anadir_punto ({\i self}, {\i punto}, {\i color} = {\f2 0}, {\i radio} = {\f2 1})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
crear un punto en el lienzo del mapa }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i punto} \cell }{la coordenada donde se va a graficar el circulo \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i color} \cell }{para cambiar el color del circulo, si no se incluye se grafica en negro \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i radio} \cell }{para definir el radio del circulo, si no se incluye es tomado como 1 \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 87 del archivo renderizado.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 88                                                     :\par
89                 #font = cv.InitFont(cv.CV_FONT_HERSHEY_SIMPLEX, 1, 1, 0, 3, 8) #Creates a font\par
90                 #x = 30\par
91                 #y = 40\par
92                 #cv.PutText(self.image,"Hello World!!!", (x,y),font, 255) #Draw the text\par
93                 #cv.Line(image,(a*50,60),9(90,90),cv.RGB(17*a, 110-a, 255))\par
94                 cv.Circle(self.image,punto,radio,cv.RGB(255*color, 255*color, 255*color),-1) # ultimo parametro para grosor de la linea negativo lleno\par
          #self.image1=self.image\par
}
}
{\xe \v cargar\:renderizado::renderizado}
{\xe \v renderizado::renderizado\:cargar}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def renderizado.renderizado.cargar ({\i self})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
genera el los lienzos del mapa y del robot }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 75 del archivo renderizado.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 76                         :\par
77                 self.image=cv.LoadImage(self.nombre_archivo1, cv.CV_LOAD_IMAGE_COLOR) #Load the image\par
           self.robot=cv.LoadImage("robot.jpg", cv.CV_LOAD_IMAGE_COLOR) #Load the image\par
}
}
{\xe \v crear_imagen\:renderizado::renderizado}
{\xe \v renderizado::renderizado\:crear_imagen}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def renderizado.renderizado.crear_imagen ({\i self})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Crea la imagen para cargarla en el programa con el lienzo ya finalizado. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 116 del archivo renderizado.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 117                               :\par
118                 cv.SaveImage(self.nombre_archivo1, self.image) #Saves the image#\par
                \par
}
}
{\xe \v graficar\:renderizado::renderizado}
{\xe \v renderizado::renderizado\:graficar}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def renderizado.renderizado.graficar ({\i self}, {\i tiempo_ms}, {\i imagen} = {\f2 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Comando solo utilizado para la prueba del paquete para visualizar los lienzos. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i tiempo_ms} \cell }{tiempo en milisegundos que se va a mostrar la imagen \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i imagen} \cell }{es el lienzo que va a ser graficado si no se lo incluye es tomado como cero. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 103 del archivo renderizado.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 104                                              :\par
105                 if imagen==0:\par
106                         cv.ShowImage('Mapa Robot',self.image) #Show the image\par
107                         cv.WaitKey(tiempo_ms)\par
108                 else:\par
109                         cv.ShowImage('Mapa Robot',imagen) #Show the image\par
                       cv.WaitKey(tiempo_ms)\par
}
}
{\xe \v rotacion_y_posicion_robot\:renderizado::renderizado}
{\xe \v renderizado::renderizado\:rotacion_y_posicion_robot}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def renderizado.renderizado.rotacion_y_posicion_robot ({\i self}, {\i robo_x} = {\f2 200}, {\i robo_y} = {\f2 100}, {\i robo_th} = {\f2 80})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
graficar el robot en el lienzo de mapa }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i robo_x} \cell }{coordenada x de la odometria del robot \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i robo_y} \cell }{coordenada y de la odometria del robot \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i robo_th} \cell }{Valor Th del robot \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 128 del archivo renderizado.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 129                                                                             :\par
130                 image_mapa=cv.LoadImage(self.nombre_archivo1, cv.CV_LOAD_IMAGE_COLOR)\par
131                 dimensiones_robot=self.dimensiones_robot\par
132                 image1=cv.CreateImage(dimensiones_robot,8,3)\par
133                 image_mascara=cv.CreateImage(dimensiones_robot,8,1)\par
134                 \par
135                 ##rotacion\par
136                 #Rotar el robot\par
137                 src_center=dimensiones_robot[0]/2,dimensiones_robot[1]/2\par
138                 rot_mat=cv.CreateMat( 2, 3, cv.CV_32FC1 )\par
139                 cv.GetRotationMatrix2D(src_center, robo_th, 1.0,rot_mat);\par
140                 cv.WarpAffine(self.robot,image1,rot_mat)\par
141                 #crear filtro para negro\par
142                 cv.InRangeS(image1,cv.RGB(0,0,0),cv.RGB(14,14,14),image_mascara)\par
143                 cv.Not(image_mascara,image_mascara)\par
144                 #cv.ReleaseImage(image1)\par
145                 \par
146                 #reducir y posicion\par
147                 cv.SetImageROI(image_mapa,(robo_x,robo_y, dimensiones_robot[0], dimensiones_robot[1]));\par
148                 cv.Copy(image1,image_mapa,mask=image_mascara)\par
149                 cv.ResetImageROI(image_mapa);\par
150                 cv.SaveImage(self.nombre_archivo, image_mapa) #Saves the image#\par
151                 #self.graficar(2000,image_mapa)\par
152                 \par
\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de los datos miembro\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v dimeniones\:renderizado::renderizado}
{\xe \v renderizado::renderizado\:dimeniones}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado.renderizado.dimeniones}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 61 del archivo renderizado.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v dimensiones_robot\:renderizado::renderizado}
{\xe \v renderizado::renderizado\:dimensiones_robot}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado.renderizado.dimensiones_robot}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 61 del archivo renderizado.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v image\:renderizado::renderizado}
{\xe \v renderizado::renderizado\:image}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado.renderizado.image}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 61 del archivo renderizado.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v nombre_archivo\:renderizado::renderizado}
{\xe \v renderizado::renderizado\:nombre_archivo}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado.renderizado.nombre_archivo}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 61 del archivo renderizado.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v nombre_archivo1\:renderizado::renderizado}
{\xe \v renderizado::renderizado\:nombre_archivo1}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado.renderizado.nombre_archivo1}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 61 del archivo renderizado.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v robot\:renderizado::renderizado}
{\xe \v renderizado::renderizado\:robot}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado.renderizado.robot}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 75 del archivo renderizado.py.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
La documentaci\'F3n para esta clase fue generada a partir del siguiente fichero:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado.py}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de archivos{\tc \v Documentaci\'F3n de archivos}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia del Archivo cliente_lib.py\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v cliente_lib.py}
{\xe \v cliente_lib.py}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAF}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Clases\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.cliente_lib}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
es la clase encargada del cliente }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Paquetes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}}
\par
\par
{
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
libreria para realizar el cliente \par
}}}
}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Funciones\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.main}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para realizar pruebas de conexion. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia del Archivo gamepad.py\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v gamepad.py}
{\xe \v gamepad.py}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAM}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Clases\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad.gamepad}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Paquetes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad.c}}}
 = gamepad()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gamepad.a}}}
 = c.gamepad_lectura(pipe,msg)\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia del Archivo inicio.py\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v inicio.py}
{\xe \v inicio.py}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAE}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Clases\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_adqui}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
es la clase encargada del entorno grafico y enlace con {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}} }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Paquetes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Funciones\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.main}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
El encargado al momento de ejcutar la aplicacion de instanciar el objeto prueba_teleoperacion. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia del Archivo mainpage.dox\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v mainpage.dox}
{\xe \v mainpage.dox}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAU}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia del Archivo renderizado.py\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v renderizado.py}
{\xe \v renderizado.py}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAG}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Clases\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado.renderizado}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
es la clase encargada de la generacion del mapa atravez de comandos. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Paquetes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado}}}
\par
\par
{
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
programa que utiliza la libreria openCV para la generacion del lienzo \par
}}}
}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 renderizado.a}}}
 = renderizado((600,400),"imagen.jpg",(13,13))\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia del Archivo servidor_novo.py\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v servidor_novo.py}
{\xe \v servidor_novo.py}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAD}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Paquetes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo}}}
\par
\par
{
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Servidor para el Pioneer P3-DX. \par
}}}
}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Funciones\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.requestCallback}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "test" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.movimiento}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "mover" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.rotar}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "rotar" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.posicion}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "pose" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.robot}}}
 = ArRobot()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.gyro}}}
 = ArAnalogGyro(robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.sonarDev}}}
 = ArSonarDevice(7)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.server}}}
 = ArServerBase()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.packet}}}
 = ArNetPacket()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.con}}}
 = ArSimpleConnector(sys.argv)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.serverInfoRobot}}}
 = ArServerInfoRobot(server, robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.serverInfoSensor}}}
 = ArServerInfoSensor(server, robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.drawings}}}
 = ArServerInfoDrawings(server)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.modeStop}}}
 = ArServerModeStop(server, robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.modeRatioDrive}}}
 = ArServerModeRatioDrive(server, robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.modeWander}}}
 = ArServerModeWander(server, robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.commands}}}
 = ArServerHandlerCommands(server)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.uCCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComUC(commands, robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.loggingCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComMovementLogging(commands, robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.gyroCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComGyro(commands, robot, gyro)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor_novo.configCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComLogRobotConfig(commands, robot)\par
}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid \'CDndice\par 
\pard\plain 
{\tc \v \'CDndice}
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst INDEX \\c2 \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt INDEX}}
}