{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033
{\fonttbl {\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet
{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}
{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}
{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}
{\s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}
{\s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Subtitle;}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 BodyText;}
{\s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext18 DenseText;}
{\s28\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext28 header;}
{\s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext29 footer;}
{\s30\li360\sa60\sb120\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext30 GroupHeader;}
{\s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext41 Code Example 0;}
{\s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext42 Code Example 1;}
{\s42\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext43 Code Example 2;}
{\s43\li1080\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext44 Code Example 3;}
{\s44\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext45 Code Example 4;}
{\s45\li1800\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext46 Code Example 5;}
{\s46\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext47 Code Example 6;}
{\s47\li2520\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext48 Code Example 7;}
{\s48\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 8;}
{\s49\li3240\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 9;}
{\s50\li0\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext51 List Continue 0;}
{\s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext52 List Continue 1;}
{\s52\li720\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext53 List Continue 2;}
{\s53\li1080\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext54 List Continue 3;}
{\s54\li1440\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext55 List Continue 4;}
{\s55\li1800\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext56 List Continue 5;}
{\s56\li2160\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext57 List Continue 6;}
{\s57\li2520\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext58 List Continue 7;}
{\s58\li2880\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 8;}
{\s59\li3240\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 9;}
{\s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext61 DescContinue 0;}
{\s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext62 DescContinue 1;}
{\s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext63 DescContinue 2;}
{\s63\li1080\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext64 DescContinue 3;}
{\s64\li1440\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext65 DescContinue 4;}
{\s65\li1800\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext66 DescContinue 5;}
{\s66\li2160\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext67 DescContinue 6;}
{\s67\li2520\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext68 DescContinue 7;}
{\s68\li2880\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 8;}
{\s69\li3240\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 9;}
{\s70\li0\sa30\sb30\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 LatexTOC 0;}
{\s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 LatexTOC 1;}
{\s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 LatexTOC 2;}
{\s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 LatexTOC 3;}
{\s74\li1440\sa18\sb18\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 LatexTOC 4;}
{\s75\li1800\sa15\sb15\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 LatexTOC 5;}
{\s76\li2160\sa12\sb12\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 LatexTOC 6;}
{\s77\li2520\sa9\sb9\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 LatexTOC 7;}
{\s78\li2880\sa6\sb6\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 8;}
{\s79\li3240\sa3\sb3\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 9;}
{\s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 \sautoupd List Bullet 0;}
{\s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 \sautoupd List Bullet 1;}
{\s82\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls3\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 \sautoupd List Bullet 2;}
{\s83\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1440{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls4\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 \sautoupd List Bullet 3;}
{\s84\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1800{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls5\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 \sautoupd List Bullet 4;}
{\s85\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2160{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls6\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls6\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 \sautoupd List Bullet 5;}
{\s86\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2520{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls7\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 \sautoupd List Bullet 6;}
{\s87\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2880{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls8\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls8\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 \sautoupd List Bullet 7;}
{\s88\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3240{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls9\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls9\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 8;}
{\s89\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3600{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls10\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls10\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 9;}
{\s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext91 \sautoupd List Enum 0;}
{\s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext92 \sautoupd List Enum 1;}
{\s92\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext93 \sautoupd List Enum 2;}
{\s93\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext94 \sautoupd List Enum 3;}
{\s94\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext95 \sautoupd List Enum 4;}
{\s95\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s96\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s97\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext98 \sautoupd List Enum 7;}
{\s98\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 8;}
{\s99\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 9;}
}
{\comment begin body}
{\info 
{\title {\comment Teleoperacion  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
0.1 \par
}}Teleoperacion}
{\comment Generado porDoxgyen. }
{\creatim \yr2012\mo8\dy7\hr10\min56\sec57}
}\pard\plain 
\sectd\pgnlcrm
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\vertalc\qc\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TITLE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt TITLE}}\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\par
\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst AUTHOR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt AUTHOR}}\par
Version 0.1\par{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst CREATEDATE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt CREATEDATE}}\par
\page\page\vertalt
\pard\plain 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Tabla de contenidos\par
\pard\plain \par
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TOC \\f \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Table of contents}}\par
\pard\plain 
\sect \sbkpage \pgndec \pgnrestart
\sect \sectd \sbknone
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Teleoperacion para Pioneer P3-DX\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Teleoperacion para Pioneer P3-DX}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\qc {\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}Mapas de entornos mediante navegacion difusa y sistema de teleoperacion de una plataforma Pioneer P3-DX\par}
} \par
{\qc }   \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Autores:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Danny Vasconez \par
Daniel granda\par
}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAC}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Ejemplo de uso
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Ejemplo de uso}
Esta aplicacion fue disenada para realizar una teleoperacion de la plataforma Pioneer P3-DX pero al utilizar ArNetPacket puede ser utilizada sin ningun problema por otras plataformas moviles que utilizen ARCOS; la aplicacion cuenta con dos programas el servidor y inicio; mas una libreria cliente.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Programas\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.py}}}\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.py}}}\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Libreria\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.py}}}\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Dependdencias de Servidor\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab AriaPy\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab NetWorkingPy\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab sys\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Dependencias de {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}}\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab AriaPy\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab NetWorkingPy\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab sys\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Dependencias de inicio\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}}\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab pygtk\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab gtk\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
4.\tab os\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
5.\tab sys\par}
Tener en cuenta al trabajar los siguientes archivos{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
glade\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Es el archivo xml de la interfaz grafica de la aplicacion\par}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
 \par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAH}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Problemas frecuentes
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Problemas frecuentes}
Al utilizar un clable USB-Serial no encuentra a la plataforma movil, se debe ingresar los siguientes comandos en consola {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid rm /dev/ttyS0
ln -s /dev/ttyUSB0 /dev/ttyS0

\par}
 El primero solo en caso de que se tenga que trabajar necesariamente con el serial 0, de esta manera se realiza un enlace simbolico del ttyUSB0 a ttyS0. Este problema no se puede corregir ya que es de ARIA {\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
 {{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "todo__todo000001" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Tareas pendientes}}}:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Presentar borrador \par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
 \par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAI}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Licencia
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Licencia}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE

Version 2, June 1991

Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.  
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
Preamble

The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to share and change it. By contrast, the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users. This General Public License applies to most of the Free Software Foundation's software and to any other program whose authors commit to using it. (Some other Free Software Foundation software is covered by the GNU Lesser General Public License instead.) You can apply it to your programs, too.

When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not price. Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.

To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights. These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.

For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that you have. You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code. And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.

We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and (2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the software.

Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free software. If the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original, so that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original authors' reputations.

Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software patents. We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free program will individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making the program proprietary. To prevent this, we have made it clear that any patent must be licensed for everyone's free use or not licensed at all.

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification follow.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

0. This License applies to any program or other work which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed under the terms of this General Public License. The "Program", below, refers to any such program or work, and a "work based on the Program" means either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another language. (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in the term "modification".) Each licensee is addressed as "you".

Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not covered by this License; they are outside its scope. The act of running the Program is not restricted, and the output from the Program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the Program (independent of having been made by running the Program). Whether that is true depends on what the Program does.

1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty; and give any other recipients of the Program a copy of this License along with the Program.

You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.

2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion of it, thus forming a work based on the Program, and copy and distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:

a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.
b) You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.
c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively when run, you must cause it, when started running for such interactive use in the most ordinary way, to print or display an announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a notice that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide a warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under these conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this License. (Exception: if the Program itself is interactive but does not normally print such an announcement, your work based on the Program is not required to print an announcement.)
These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole. If identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program, and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as separate works. But when you distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based on the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works based on the Program.

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program with the Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this License.

3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:

a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,
b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your cost of physically performing source distribution, a complete machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,
c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer to distribute corresponding source code. (This alternative is allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you received the program in object code or executable form with such an offer, in accord with Subsection b above.)
The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it. For an executable work, complete source code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation and installation of the executable. However, as a special exception, the source code distributed need not include anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies the executable.

If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the source code from the same place counts as distribution of the source code, even though third parties are not compelled to copy the source along with the object code.

4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program except as expressly provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License. However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.

5. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not signed it. However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the Program or its derivative works. These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License. Therefore, by modifying or distributing the Program (or any work based on the Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the Program or works based on it.

6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to these terms and conditions. You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to this License.

7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues), conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not excuse you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not distribute the Program at all. For example, if a patent license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from distribution of the Program.

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software distribution system, which is implemented by public license practices. Many people have made generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that choice.

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be a consequence of the rest of this License.

8. If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the original copyright holder who places the Program under this License may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded. In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if written in the body of this License.

9. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Program specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Program does not specify a version number of this License, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software Foundation.

10. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author to ask for permission. For software which is copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this. Our decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.

NO WARRANTY

11. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

12. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

\par}
 \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Lista de tareas pendientes{\tc \v Lista de tareas pendientes}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAA}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABQ}
 {\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
page {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Teleoperacion para Pioneer P3-DX}}}  \par
}
{\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Presentar borrador \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Lista de bugs{\tc \v Lista de bugs}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAB}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABS}
 {\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Namespace {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}}  \par
}
{\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABT}
 {\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Namespace {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor}}}  \par
}
{\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Indice de namespaces\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Indice de namespaces}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Paquetes\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Aqu\'ED van los paquetes con una breve descripci\'F3n (si et\'E1 disponible):}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Libreria para realizar el cliente })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Servidor para el Pioneer P3-DX })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
\'CDndice de clases\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v \'CDndice de clases}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Lista de clases\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Lista de las clases, estructuras, uniones e interfaces con una breve descripci\'F3n:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.cliente_lib}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
No dispone ninguna utilidad })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_teleoperacion}}}
 ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Se lo crea como objeto para poder trabajar con las senales de la interfaz grafica })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Indice de archivos\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Indice de archivos}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Lista de archivos\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Lista de todos los archivos con descripciones breves:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.py}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.py}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.py}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de namespaces\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Paquetes cliente_lib\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAG}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
libreria para realizar el cliente }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Clases\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
No dispone ninguna utilidad. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Funciones\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 valores}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "test" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 envio_ratioDrive}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para realizar la teleoperacion, mandando los parametros. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 uC_comandos_movi}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para mandar ordenes de movimiento directamente al controlador de la plataforma movil. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_inicio}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para iniciar la conexion con el servidor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_apaga}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para realizar la desconexion con el servidor. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Descripci\'F3n detallada\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
libreria para realizar el cliente \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Se debe especificar cual es el IP del servidor \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Autores:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Danny Vasconez \par
Daniel Granda \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Versi\'F3n:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.0.1 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Fecha:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 2012 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Precondici\'F3n:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Tener funcionando el servidor \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "bug__bug000001" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Bug}}}:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Atenci\'F3n:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid uso inapropiado puede hacer que la aplicacion falle\par
}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAC}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Ejemplo de uso
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v Ejemplo de uso}
En el ejemplo se muestra tres maneras de enviar comandos la general que es requestOnce y las otras que son la misma pero modificada para trabajar con comandos especificos {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid cliente=cliente_inicio("192.168.1.10")
cliente=uC_comandos_movi(cliente,"8","3000") #Mover 3000mm hacia adelante
cliente=envio_ratioDrive(cliente,50,0,0) # fija la velocidad de traslacion a 50mm/s por 5 seg 
cliente.requestOnce("stop") #parado de emergencia
cliente_apaga(cliente)

\par}
 \par}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las funciones\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v cliente_apaga\:cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib\:cliente_apaga}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.cliente_apaga ({\i client})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para realizar la desconexion con el servidor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 136 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 137                          :\par
138         ArUtil.sleep(1000)\par
139         client.disconnect()\par
140         ArUtil.sleep(50)\par
141         return 0\par
\par
}
}
{\xe \v cliente_inicio\:cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib\:cliente_inicio}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.cliente_inicio ({\i ip} = {\f2 "localhost"})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para iniciar la conexion con el servidor. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ip="localhost"} \cell }{El valor de local host se lo debe cambiar por el IP del servidor \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid client \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 109 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 110                                   :\par
111         client = ArClientBase()\par
112         Aria.init()\par
113         \par
114         startTime = ArTime()\par
115         startTime.setToNow()\par
116         if not client.blockingConnect(ip, 7272): #ip y puerto del servidor\par
117                 print "Could not connect to server at localhost port 7272, exiting"\par
118                 Aria.exit(1);\par
119         print "cliente: Se tardo %ld msec en connectarse\\n" % (startTime.mSecSince())\par
120         \par
121         client.runAsync()\par
122         client.addHandler("updateNumbers",valores) #Verifica y agrega a la cabecera de comandos para el servidor\par
123         if client.dataExists("ratioDrive"): #comprobar si existe el comando ratioDrive\par
124                 print "ratioDrive si existe"\par
125         else:\par
126                 Aria.exit(1);\par
127         #client=envio_ratioDrive(client,TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio) #fijar los valores para mover\par
128         #client=uC_comandos_movi(client,comando,parametro) #Lo hace de una manera directa anulando las demas operaciones\par
129         #client.requestOnce("updateNumbers")\par
130         #client.requestOnce("stop") #parada de emergencia\par
       return client\par
}
}
{\xe \v envio_ratioDrive\:cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib\:envio_ratioDrive}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.envio_ratioDrive ({\i client}, {\i TransRatio}, {\i RotRatio}, {\i LatRatio})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para realizar la teleoperacion, mandando los parametros. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i client} \cell }{Se debe trar el objeto cliente a la definicion para poder utilizar el enlace del cliente para enviar el paquete al servidor \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i TransRatio} \cell }{Velocidad de traslacion \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i RotRatio} \cell }{Velocidad de rotacion \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i LatRatio} \cell }{velocidad lateral para el modelo Pioneer P3-DX no se necesario puede ser 0 \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid client \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 75 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 76                                                          :\par
77         myTransRatio=TransRatio\par
78         myRotRatio=RotRatio\par
79         myLatRatio=LatRatio\par
80         packet=ArNetPacket()\par
81         packet.doubleToBuf(myTransRatio)\par
82         packet.doubleToBuf(myRotRatio)\par
83         packet.doubleToBuf(50) # use half of the robot's maximum.\par
84         packet.doubleToBuf(myLatRatio)\par
85         client.requestOnce("ratioDrive", packet)\par
86         return client\par
  \par
}
}
{\xe \v main\:cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.main ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 45 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 46           :\par
47         \par
48         return 0\par
\par
}
}
{\xe \v uC_comandos_movi\:cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib\:uC_comandos_movi}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.uC_comandos_movi ({\i client}, {\i comando}, {\i parametro})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para mandar ordenes de movimiento directamente al controlador de la plataforma movil. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i client} \cell }{Se debe trar el objeto cliente a la definicion para poder utilizar el enlace del cliente para enviar el paquete al servidor \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i comando} \cell }{es un numero de 1-255 que representa una funcion esta informacion se puede encontrar en el API de ARIA \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i parametro} \cell }{el parametro de la funcion en caso de no tener se deja el valor en blanco \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid client \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 95 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 96                                               :\par
97         mi_comando=comando #comando 8 es MOVE parametro un valor de 5000 a -4999 es en mm, 11 LEV y su parametro es velocidad +o- mm/s\par
98         mi_parametro=parametro #parametro\par
99         packet=ArNetPacket()\par
100         packet.strToBuf(mi_comando+" "+mi_parametro)\par
101         client.requestOnce("MicroControllerMotionCommand", packet) #MicroControllerMotionCommand\par
102         return client\par
   \par
}
}
{\xe \v valores\:cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib\:valores}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.valores ({\i packet})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "test" en el paquete. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i packet} \cell }{el paquete que recibe el cliente del servidor \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada, pero imprime los valores X,Y,Th en el terminal \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 55 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 56                    :\par
57         voltaje_vateria=packet.bufToByte2()/10\par
58         myX = packet.bufToByte4()#\par
59         myY = packet.bufToByte4()\par
60         myTh = packet.bufToByte2()\par
61         myVel = packet.bufToByte2()\par
62         myRotVel = packet.bufToByte2()\par
63         myLatVel = packet.bufToByte2()\par
64         myTemperature = packet.bufToByte()\par
65         print "X= "+str(myX)+" y="+str(myY)+" th="+str(myTh)\par
\par
}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Paquetes inicio\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v inicio}
{\xe \v inicio}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAR}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Clases\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 prueba_teleoperacion}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Se lo crea como objeto para poder trabajar con las senales de la interfaz grafica. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 app}}}
 = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 prueba_teleoperacion}}}
()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las variables\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v app\:inicio}
{\xe \v inicio\:app}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.app}}}
 = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 prueba_teleoperacion}}}
()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 188 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Paquetes servidor\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v servidor}
{\xe \v servidor}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAU}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Servidor para el Pioneer P3-DX. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Funciones\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 requestCallback}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "test" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 movimiento}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "mover" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotar}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "rotar" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 posicion}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "pose" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
 = ArRobot()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gyro}}}
 = ArAnalogGyro({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 sonarDev}}}
 = ArSonarDevice()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
 = ArServerBase()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 packet}}}
 = ArNetPacket()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 con}}}
 = ArSimpleConnector(sys.argv)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 serverInfoRobot}}}
 = ArServerInfoRobot({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 serverInfoSensor}}}
 = ArServerInfoSensor({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 drawings}}}
 = ArServerInfoDrawings({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 modeStop}}}
 = ArServerModeStop({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 modeRatioDrive}}}
 = ArServerModeRatioDrive({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 modeWander}}}
 = ArServerModeWander({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
 = ArServerHandlerCommands({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 uCCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComUC({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 loggingCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComMovementLogging({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gyroCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComGyro({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gyro}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 configCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComLogRobotConfig({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Descripci\'F3n detallada\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Servidor para el Pioneer P3-DX. \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Se lo puede utilizar con multiples conexiones de clientes trabaja en el puerto 7272 La lista de comandos para el paquete ArNetPacket se encuentra en el anexo 1 \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Autores:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Danny Vasconez \par
Daniel Granda \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Versi\'F3n:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.0.1 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Fecha:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 2012 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Precondici\'F3n:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Tener conectada la plataforma Pioneer P3-DX. \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "bug__bug000002" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Bug}}}:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Atenci\'F3n:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid uso inapropiado puede hacer que la aplicacion falle \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las funciones\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v movimiento\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:movimiento}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def servidor.movimiento ({\i client}, {\i packet})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "mover" en el paquete. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i client} \cell }{El cliente que manda el paquete \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i packet} \cell }{el paquete que recibe el servidor para el comando \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 62 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 63                              :\par
64   robot.lock()\par
65   robot.comInt(8,5000) #move(5000) para atras move(-4999)\par
  robot.unlock()\par
}
}
{\xe \v posicion\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:posicion}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def servidor.posicion ({\i client}, {\i packet})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "pose" en el paquete. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i client} \cell }{El cliente que manda el paquete \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i packet} \cell }{el paquete que recibe el servidor para el comando \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ArNetPacket con la informacion en coordenadas X,Y,T al cliente \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 84 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 85                            :\par
86   poses = sonarDev.getCurrentBufferAsVector()\par
87   packet=ArNetPacket()\par
88   packet.doubleToBuf(len(poses))\par
89   for p in poses:\par
90     packet.strToBuf(str(p))\par
91   packet.finalizePacket()\par
92   print packet.verifyCheckSum()\par
93   client.sendPacketTcp(packet)\par
94 \par
95 # This example demonstrates how to use ArNetworking in Python. \par
96 \par
97 # Global library initialization, just like the C++ API:\par
98 Aria.init()\par
99 \par
# Create a robot object:\par
}
}
{\xe \v requestCallback\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:requestCallback}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def servidor.requestCallback ({\i client}, {\i packet})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "test" en el paquete. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i client} \cell }{El cliente que manda el paquete \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i packet} \cell }{el paquete que recibe el servidor para el comando \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 50 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 51                                    :\par
52   replyPacket = ArNetPacket()\par
53   replyPacket.strToBuf(str(robot.getPose().x));\par
54   print "requestCallback received a packet with command #%d. Sending a reply...\\n" % (packet.getCommand())\par
  client.sendPacketTcp(replyPacket)\par
}
}
{\xe \v rotar\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:rotar}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def servidor.rotar ({\i client}, {\i packet})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "rotar" en el paquete. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i client} \cell }{El cliente que manda el paquete \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i packet} \cell }{el paquete que recibe el servidor para el comando \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nada \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 73 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 74                         :\par
75   robot.lock()\par
76   robot.comInt(12,50) \par
  robot.unlock()\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las variables\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v commands\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:commands}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.commands}}}
 = ArServerHandlerCommands({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 151 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v con\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:con}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.con}}}
 = ArSimpleConnector(sys.argv)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 126 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v configCommands\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:configCommands}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.configCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComLogRobotConfig({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 159 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v drawings\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:drawings}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.drawings}}}
 = ArServerInfoDrawings({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 140 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v gyro\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:gyro}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.gyro}}}
 = ArAnalogGyro({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 103 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v gyroCommands\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:gyroCommands}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.gyroCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComGyro({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gyro}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 157 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v loggingCommands\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:loggingCommands}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.loggingCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComMovementLogging({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 155 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v modeRatioDrive\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:modeRatioDrive}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.modeRatioDrive}}}
 = ArServerModeRatioDrive({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 145 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v modeStop\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:modeStop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.modeStop}}}
 = ArServerModeStop({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 144 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v modeWander\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:modeWander}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.modeWander}}}
 = ArServerModeWander({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 146 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v packet\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:packet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.packet}}}
 = ArNetPacket()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 113 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v robot\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:robot}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.robot}}}
 = ArRobot()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 100 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v server\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:server}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.server}}}
 = ArServerBase()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 111 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v serverInfoRobot\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:serverInfoRobot}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.serverInfoRobot}}}
 = ArServerInfoRobot({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 138 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v serverInfoSensor\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:serverInfoSensor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.serverInfoSensor}}}
 = ArServerInfoSensor({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 server}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 139 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v sonarDev\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:sonarDev}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.sonarDev}}}
 = ArSonarDevice()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 106 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v uCCommands\:servidor}
{\xe \v servidor\:uCCommands}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.uCCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComUC({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commands}}}
, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 robot}}}
)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 153 del archivo servidor.py.}\par
}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las clases{\tc \v Documentaci\'F3n de las clases}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia de la Clase cliente_lib.cliente_lib\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAJ}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
No dispone ninguna utilidad. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
M\'E9todos p\'FAblicos\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 __init__}}}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Descripci\'F3n detallada\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
No dispone ninguna utilidad. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Solo se puso para mantener la estructura de python \par
}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 148 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n del constructor y destructor\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v __init__\:cliente_lib::cliente_lib}
{\xe \v cliente_lib::cliente_lib\:__init__}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def cliente_lib.cliente_lib.__init__ ({\i self})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 149 del archivo cliente_lib.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 150                           :\par
             print "Cargo modulo para cliente_lib"\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
La documentaci\'F3n para esta clase fue generada a partir del siguiente fichero:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.py}}}
\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia de la Clase inicio.prueba_teleoperacion\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAQ}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Se lo crea como objeto para poder trabajar con las senales de la interfaz grafica. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
M\'E9todos p\'FAblicos\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 __init__}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
para cargar el XML de gtk+ y sus senales }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 on_up_clicked}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
senal de click en boton arriba }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 on_down_clicked}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
senal de click en boton abajo }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 on_stop_clicked}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
senal de click en boton parado }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 on_left_clicked}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
senal de click en boton izquierda }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 on_right_clicked}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
senal de click en boton derecha }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 on_menuitem_abuot_activate}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
senal de menu about }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 on_menuitem_quit_activate}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
senal de menu "Salir" y cierra la conexion al salir }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 on_teleoperacion_destroy}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
cierra la conexion al cerrar la ventana }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 on_about_response}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
cierra la ventana about }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Atributos p\'FAblicos\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 about}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 teleoper}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 boton_up}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 boton_right}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 boton_left}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 boton_down}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 boton_stop}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 boton_foto}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente}}}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Descripci\'F3n detallada\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Se lo crea como objeto para poder trabajar con las senales de la interfaz grafica. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Y para poder cargar los elementos de la interfaz grafica para el caso que se tengan que ocultar o mostrar \par
}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 48 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n del constructor y destructor\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v __init__\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:__init__}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.__init__ ({\i self})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
para cargar el XML de gtk+ y sus senales }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid self \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 55 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 56                           :\par
57                 builder = gtk.Builder() #El archivo de glade debe estar en gtkbuilder\par
58                 builder.add_from_file("glade/GUI.glade") #Carga el archivo glade\par
59                 builder.connect_signals(self) #Toma todas las senales de glade\par
60                 self.about = builder.get_object("about") #Ventana about\par
61                 self.teleoper = builder.get_object("teleoperacion") #Ventana principal\par
62                 self.boton_up = builder.get_object("up") #boton arriba\par
63                 self.boton_right = builder.get_object("right") #boton derch\par
64                 self.boton_left = builder.get_object("left") #boton izq\par
65                 self.boton_down = builder.get_object("down") #boton abajo\par
66                 self.boton_stop = builder.get_object("stop") #boton parar\par
67                 self.boton_foto = builder.get_object("imagen0") #imagen para el dibujo de la plataforma movil\par
68                 self.teleoper.show()\par
69                 self.cliente=cliente_inicio("192.168.0.101")\par
\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de las funciones miembro\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v main\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.main ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 179 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 180                   :\par
181                 \par
182                 return 0\par
\par
}
}
{\xe \v on_about_response\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:on_about_response}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.on_about_response ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
cierra la ventana about }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i widget} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la senal de la interfaz \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data=None} \cell }{este no es necesario incluirlo ya que viene predefinido con valor None \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid self \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 176 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 177                                                       :\par
178                 self.about.hide()\par
\par
}
}
{\xe \v on_down_clicked\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:on_down_clicked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.on_down_clicked ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
senal de click en boton abajo }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i widget} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la senal de la interfaz param data=None este no es necesario incluirlo ya que viene predefinido con valor None \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid self \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 91 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 92                                                     :\par
93                 print "Presiono abajo"\par
94                 TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio = [-50,0,0]\par
95                 self.cliente=envio_ratioDrive(self.cliente,TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio) #fijar los valores para mover\par
\par
}
}
{\xe \v on_left_clicked\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:on_left_clicked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.on_left_clicked ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
senal de click en boton izquierda }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i widget} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la senal de la interfaz param data=None este no es necesario incluirlo ya que viene predefinido con valor None \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid self \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 116 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 117                                                     :\par
118                 print "presiono izquierda"\par
119                 TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio = [0,90,0]\par
120                 self.cliente=envio_ratioDrive(self.cliente,TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio) #fijar los valores para mover\par
\par
}
}
{\xe \v on_menuitem_abuot_activate\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:on_menuitem_abuot_activate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.on_menuitem_abuot_activate ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
senal de menu about }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i widget} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la senal de la interfaz param data=None este no es necesario incluirlo ya que viene predefinido con valor None \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid self \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 142 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 143                                                                :\par
144                 self.about.show() #Muestra la ventana about\par
\par
}
}
{\xe \v on_menuitem_quit_activate\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:on_menuitem_quit_activate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.on_menuitem_quit_activate ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
senal de menu "Salir" y cierra la conexion al salir }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i widget} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la senal de la interfaz param data=None este no es necesario incluirlo ya que viene predefinido con valor None \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid self \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 153 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 154                                                               :\par
155                 print cliente_apaga(self.cliente)\par
156                 gtk.main_quit()\par
\par
}
}
{\xe \v on_right_clicked\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:on_right_clicked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.on_right_clicked ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
senal de click en boton derecha }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i widget} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la senal de la interfaz param data=None este no es necesario incluirlo ya que viene predefinido con valor None \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid self \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 129 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 130                                                      :\par
131                 print "presiono derecha"\par
132                 TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio = [0,-90,0]\par
133                 self.cliente=envio_ratioDrive(self.cliente,TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio) #fijar los valores para mover\par
\par
}
}
{\xe \v on_stop_clicked\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:on_stop_clicked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.on_stop_clicked ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
senal de click en boton parado }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i widget} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la senal de la interfaz param data=None este no es necesario incluirlo ya que viene predefinido con valor None \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid self \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 104 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 105                                                     :\par
106                 print "Presiono alto"\par
107                 self.cliente.requestOnce("stop") #parada de emergencia\par
\par
}
}
{\xe \v on_teleoperacion_destroy\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:on_teleoperacion_destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.on_teleoperacion_destroy ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
cierra la conexion al cerrar la ventana }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i widget} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la senal de la interfaz param data=None este no es necesario incluirlo ya que viene predefinido con valor None \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid self \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 165 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 166                                                              :\par
167                 print cliente_apaga(self.cliente)\par
               gtk.main_quit()\par
}
}
{\xe \v on_up_clicked\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:on_up_clicked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.on_up_clicked ({\i self}, {\i widget}, {\i data} = {\f2 None})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
senal de click en boton arriba }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Par\'E1metros:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la definicion de una clase \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i widget} \cell }{no se necesita incluirlo al utilizar la funcion ya que se lo pone solo por ser la senal de la interfaz param data=None este no es necesario incluirlo ya que viene predefinido con valor None \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Devuelve:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid self \par
}}{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 78 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 79                                                   :\par
80                 print "Presiono arriba"\par
81                 TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio = [50,0,0]\par
82                 self.cliente=envio_ratioDrive(self.cliente,TransRatio,RotRatio,LatRatio) #fijar los valores para mover\par
\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de los datos miembro\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v about\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:about}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.about}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 55 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v boton_down\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:boton_down}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.boton_down}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 55 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v boton_foto\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:boton_foto}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.boton_foto}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 55 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v boton_left\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:boton_left}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.boton_left}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 55 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v boton_right\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:boton_right}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.boton_right}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 55 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v boton_stop\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:boton_stop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.boton_stop}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 55 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v boton_up\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:boton_up}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.boton_up}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 55 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v cliente\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:cliente}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.cliente}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 55 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v teleoper\:inicio::prueba_teleoperacion}
{\xe \v inicio::prueba_teleoperacion\:teleoper}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_teleoperacion.teleoper}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definici\'F3n en la l\'EDnea 55 del archivo inicio.py.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
La documentaci\'F3n para esta clase fue generada a partir del siguiente fichero:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.py}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Documentaci\'F3n de archivos{\tc \v Documentaci\'F3n de archivos}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia del Archivo cliente_lib.py\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v cliente_lib.py}
{\xe \v cliente_lib.py}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAF}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Clases\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.cliente_lib}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
No dispone ninguna utilidad. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Paquetes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib}}}
\par
\par
{
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
libreria para realizar el cliente \par
}}}
}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Funciones\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.main}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.valores}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "test" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.envio_ratioDrive}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para realizar la teleoperacion, mandando los parametros. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.uC_comandos_movi}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para mandar ordenes de movimiento directamente al controlador de la plataforma movil. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.cliente_inicio}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para iniciar la conexion con el servidor. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cliente_lib.cliente_apaga}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve para realizar la desconexion con el servidor. }{
}\par
}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia del Archivo inicio.py\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v inicio.py}
{\xe \v inicio.py}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAE}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Clases\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.prueba_teleoperacion}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Se lo crea como objeto para poder trabajar con las senales de la interfaz grafica. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Paquetes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 inicio.app}}}
 = prueba_teleoperacion()\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia del Archivo mainpage.dox\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v mainpage.dox}
{\xe \v mainpage.dox}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAT}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Referencia del Archivo servidor.py\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v servidor.py}
{\xe \v servidor.py}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAD}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Paquetes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor}}}
\par
\par
{
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Servidor para el Pioneer P3-DX. \par
}}}
}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Funciones\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.requestCallback}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "test" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.movimiento}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "mover" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.rotar}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "rotar" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
def {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.posicion}}}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sirve cuando se manda el comando "pose" en el paquete. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.robot}}}
 = ArRobot()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.gyro}}}
 = ArAnalogGyro(robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.sonarDev}}}
 = ArSonarDevice()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.server}}}
 = ArServerBase()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.packet}}}
 = ArNetPacket()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.con}}}
 = ArSimpleConnector(sys.argv)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.serverInfoRobot}}}
 = ArServerInfoRobot(server, robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.serverInfoSensor}}}
 = ArServerInfoSensor(server, robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.drawings}}}
 = ArServerInfoDrawings(server)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.modeStop}}}
 = ArServerModeStop(server, robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.modeRatioDrive}}}
 = ArServerModeRatioDrive(server, robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.modeWander}}}
 = ArServerModeWander(server, robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.commands}}}
 = ArServerHandlerCommands(server)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.uCCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComUC(commands, robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.loggingCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComMovementLogging(commands, robot)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.gyroCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComGyro(commands, robot, gyro)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
tuple {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 servidor.configCommands}}}
 = ArServerSimpleComLogRobotConfig(commands, robot)\par
}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid \'CDndice\par 
\pard\plain 
{\tc \v \'CDndice}
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst INDEX \\c2 \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt INDEX}}
}